{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red251\green2\blue255;\red103\green103\blue103;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue254;\red196\green0\blue198;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red81\green96\blue112;\red227\green0\blue6;\red255\green255\blue10;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c25279\c100000;\csgray\c47953;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c57046\c57047\c57046;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99608;\cssrgb\c81961\c0\c81961;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c38824\c45490\c51373;\cssrgb\c92157\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;
\csgray\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23240\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Part 1: Yelp Dataset Profiling and Understanding\
\
1. Profile the data by finding the total number of records for each of the tables below:\
	\cf2 select \cf3 count\cf2 (\cf4 *\cf2 )\
	from \cf5 table\cf0 \
i. Attribute table = 10000\
ii. Business table = 10000\
iii. Category table = 10000\
iv. Checkin table = 10000\
v. elite_years table = 10000\
vi. friend table = 10000\
vii. hours table = 10000\
viii. photo table = 10000\
ix. review table = 10000\
x. tip table = 10000\
xi. user table = 10000\
	\
\
\
2. Find the total distinct records by either the foreign key or primary key for each table. If two foreign keys are listed in the table, please specify which foreign key.\
\
	\cf2 select \cf3 count\cf5 (\cf2 distinct\cf0  key\cf5 )\cf0 \
	\cf2 from\cf0  table\
\
i. Business = 10000\
ii. Hours = 1562\
iii. Category = 2643\
iv. Attribute = 1115\
v. Review = 10000 \
vi. Checkin = 493\
vii. Photo = 10000 id\
viii. Tip = 3979 business_id\
ix. User = 10000\
x. Friend = 11\
xi. Elite_years = 2780\
\
Note: Primary Keys are denoted in the ER-Diagram with a yellow key icon.	\
\
\
\
3. Are there any columns with null values in the Users table? Indicate "yes," or "no."\
\
	Answer: \'97-no\
	\
	\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
	\cf2 select \cf6 *\cf0 \
	\cf2 from\cf0  \cf2 user\cf0 \
	where \cf6 NULL\cf0 \
\
	\
4. For each table and column listed below, display the smallest (minimum), largest (maximum), and average (mean) value for the following fields:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  \cf9 MIN\cf0 (column), \cf9 MAX\cf0 (column), \cf9 AVG\cf0 (column)\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  table\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
	i. Table: Review, Column: Stars\
	\
		min:	1	max:	5	avg: 3.7082\
		\
	\
	ii. Table: Business, Column: Stars\
	\
		min:	1	max:	5	avg: 3.6549\
		\
	\
	iii. Table: Tip, Column: Likes\
	\
		min:	0	max:	2	avg: 0.0144\
		\
	\
	iv. Table: Checkin, Column: Count\
	\
		min:	1	max:	53	avg: 1.9414\
		\
	\
	v. Table: User, Column: Review_count\
	\
		min:	0	max:	2000	 avg: 24.2995\
		\
\
\
5. List the cities with the most reviews in descending order:\
\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
	
\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  review_count,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb8 	city\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 	from\cf0  business\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 	order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  review_count \cf7 DESC\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 +--------------+------------+\
| review_count | city       |\
+--------------+------------+\
|         3873 | Las Vegas  |\
|         1757 | Montr\'e9al   |\
|         1549 | Gilbert    |\
|         1410 | Las Vegas  |\
|         1389 | Las Vegas  |\
|         1252 | Las Vegas  |\
|         1116 | Las Vegas  |\
|         1084 | Las Vegas  |\
|          961 | Las Vegas  |\
|          902 | Gilbert    |\
|          864 | Las Vegas  |\
|          823 | Scottsdale |\
|          821 | Las Vegas  |\
|          786 | Las Vegas  |\
|          785 | Henderson  |\
|          778 | Toronto    |\
|          768 | Las Vegas  |\
|          758 | Las Vegas  |\
|          726 | Scottsdale |\
|          723 | Cleveland  |\
|          720 | Las Vegas  |\
|          715 | Charlotte  |\
|          711 | Phoenix    |\
|          706 | Las Vegas  |\
|          700 | Phoenix    |\
+--------------+------------+
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
	\
6. Find the distribution of star ratings to the business in the following cities:\
\
i. Avon\
\
SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 stars\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  business\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  city \cf12 IS\cf0  \cf13 'Avon'\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  review_count \cf7 DESC\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
Copy and Paste the Resulting Table Below (2 columns \'e2\'80\'93 star rating and count):\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 +--------------+-------+\
| review_count | stars |\
+--------------+-------+\
|           50 |   3.5 |\
|           31 |   3.5 |\
|           31 |   4.5 |\
|           17 |   4.0 |\
|           10 |   1.5 |\
|            7 |   3.5 |\
|            4 |   4.0 |\
|            3 |   2.5 |\
|            3 |   5.0 |\
|            3 |   2.5 |\
+--------------+-------+
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
ii. Beachwood\
\
SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 stars\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  business\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  city \cf12 IS\cf0  \cf13 'Beachwood'\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  review_count \cf7 DESC\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
Copy and Paste the Resulting Table Below (2 columns \'e2\'80\'93 star rating and count):\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 +--------------+-------+\
| review_count | stars |\
+--------------+-------+\
|           69 |   4.0 |\
|           14 |   4.5 |\
|            8 |   3.0 |\
|            8 |   2.0 |\
|            6 |   5.0 |\
|            6 |   5.0 |\
|            4 |   5.0 |\
|            4 |   5.0 |\
|            3 |   3.0 |\
|            3 |   4.5 |\
|            3 |   3.5 |\
|            3 |   3.5 |\
|            3 |   2.5 |\
|            3 |   5.0 |\
+--------------+-------+
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
7. Find the top 3 users based on their total number of reviews:\
		\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
	
\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  review_count,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 	name\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 	from\cf0  \cf7 user\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 	order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  review_count \cf7 DESC\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 +--------------+-----------+\
| review_count | name      |\
+--------------+-----------+\
|         \cb14 2000 | Gerald \cb15    |\
|         \cb14 1629 | Sara   \cb15    |\
|         \cb14 1339 | Yuri   \cb11    |\
|         1246 | .Hon      |\
|         1215 | William   |\
|         1153 | Harald    |\
|         1116 | eric      |\
|         1039 | Roanna    |\
|          968 | Mimi      |\
|          930 | Christine |\
|          904 | Ed        |\
|          864 | Nicole    |\
|          862 | Fran      |\
|          861 | Mark      |\
|          842 | Christina |\
|          836 | Dominic   |\
|          834 | Lissa     |\
|          813 | Lisa      |\
|          775 | Alison    |\
|          754 | Sui       |\
|          702 | Tim       |\
|          696 | L         |\
|          694 | Angela    |\
|          676 | Crissy    |\
|          675 | Lyn       |
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
8. Does posing more reviews correlate with more fans?\
\
	Please explain your findings and interpretation of the results:\
	
\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  review_count,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb8 	fans,\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 	name\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 	from\cf0  \cf7 user\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 	order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  review_count \cf7 DESC\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
	\'97-No, because Sara posted more reviews than Yuri but has less fans.\
\
	\
9. Are there more reviews with the word "love" or with the word "hate" in them?\
\
	Answer:\
	\'97-There are more reviews with love\
	\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  \cf9 count\cf0 (\cf12 *\cf0 )\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  review\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  \cf7 text\cf0  \cf12 like\cf0  \cf13 'love%'\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  \cf9 count\cf0 (\cf12 *\cf0 )\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  review\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  \cf7 text\cf0  \cf12 like\cf0  \cf13 'hate%'\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
	\
10. Find the top 10 users with the most fans:\
\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 fans,\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 name\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  \cf7 user\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  fans \cf7 DESC\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 +--------------+------+-----------+\
| review_count | fans | name      |\
+--------------+------+-----------+\
|          \cb14 609 |  503 | Amy \cb11       |\
|          \cb14 968 |  497 | Mimi\cb11       |\
|         \cb14 1153 |  311 | Harald\cb11     |\
|         \cb14 2000 |  253 | Gerald\cb11     |\
|          \cb14 930 |  173 | Christine\cb11  |\
|          \cb14 813 |  159 | Lisa \cb11      |\
|          \cb14 377 |  133 | Cat \cb11       |\
|         \cb14 1215 |  126 | William\cb11    |\
|          \cb14 862 |  124 | Fran\cb11       |\
|          \cb14 834 |  120 | Lissa\cb11      |\
|          861 |  115 | Mark      |\
|          408 |  111 | Tiffany   |\
|          255 |  105 | bernice   |\
|         1039 |  104 | Roanna    |\
|          694 |  101 | Angela    |\
|         1246 |  101 | .Hon      |\
|          307 |   96 | Ben       |\
|          584 |   89 | Linda     |\
|          842 |   85 | Christina |\
|          220 |   84 | Jessica   |\
|          408 |   81 | Greg      |\
|          178 |   80 | Nieves    |\
|          754 |   78 | Sui       |\
|         1339 |   76 | Yuri      |\
|          161 |   73 | Nicole    |\
+--------------+------+-----------+
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
		\
\
Part 2: Inferences and Analysis\
\
1. Pick one city and category of your choice and group the businesses in that city or category by their overall star rating. Compare the businesses with 2-3 stars to the businesses with 4-5 stars and answer the following questions. Include your code.\
	\
i. Do the two groups you chose to analyze have a different distribution of hours?\
\'97-Businesses with 4-5 stars open later, while the business with 2-3 opens earlier\
\
ii. Do the two groups you chose to analyze have a different number of reviews?\
         \
\'97-Yes, those with 2-3 stars has less reviews than those with 4-5. The highest reviewed opens and closes the latest\
iii. Are you able to infer anything from the location data provided between these two groups? Explain.\
\'97-Those in Toronto like to eat later and have access to food later\
SQL code used for analysis:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.\cf7 name\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.city,\cb1 \
\cb8 c.category,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.stars,\cb1 \
\cb8 h.\cf7 hours\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.\cf7 address\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.postal_code\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  (business \cf7 as\cf0  b \cf12 inner join\cf0  category \cf7 as\cf0  c \cf7 on\cf0  b.id \cf12 =\cf0  \cb1 \
\cb8 c.business_id) \cf12 inner join\cf0  \cf7 hours\cf0  \cf7 as\cf0  h \cf7 on\cf0  h.business_id \cf12 =\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.id\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  b.city \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Toronto'\cf0  \cf12 and\cf0  c.category \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Food'\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 group by\cf0  b.stars\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 +--------------+---------+----------+-------+----------------------+--------------+----------------------+-------------+\
| name         | city    | category | stars | hours                | review_count | address              | postal_code |\
+--------------+---------+----------+-------+----------------------+--------------+----------------------+-------------+\
| Loblaws      | Toronto | Food     |   2.5 | Saturday|8:00-22:00  |           10 | 2280 Dundas Street W | M6R 1X3     |\
| Halo Brewery | Toronto | Food     |   4.0 | Saturday|11:00-21:00 |           15 | 247 Wallace Avenue   | M6H 1V5     |\
| Cabin Fever  | Toronto | Food     |   4.5 | Saturday|16:00-2:00  |           26 | 1669 Bloor Street W  | M6P 1A6     |\
+--------------+---------+----------+-------+----------------------+--------------+----------------------+-------------+
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 		\
		\
2. Group business based on the ones that are open and the ones that are closed. What differences can you find between the ones that are still open and the ones that are closed? List at least two differences and the SQL code you used to arrive at your answer.\
		\
i. Difference 1:\
         \
   \'97-The restaurant still open has an average amount of reviews compared to all three      \
ii. Difference 2:\
         \
   \'97-The restaurant still open also has an average amount of hours compared to all three       \
         \
SQL code used for analysis:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.\cf7 name\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.city,\cb1 \
\cb8 c.category,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.stars,\cb1 \
\cb8 h.\cf7 hours\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.\cf7 address\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.postal_code,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.is_open\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  (business \cf7 as\cf0  b \cf12 inner join\cf0  category \cf7 as\cf0  c \cf7 on\cf0  b.id \cf12 =\cf0  \cb1 \
\cb8 c.business_id) \cf12 inner join\cf0  \cf7 hours\cf0  \cf7 as\cf0  h \cf7 on\cf0  h.business_id \cf12 =\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.id\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  b.city \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Toronto'\cf0  \cf12 and\cf0  c.category \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Food'\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 group by\cf0  b.is_open\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 +--------------+---------+----------+-------+----------------------+--------------+--------------------+-------------+---------+\
| name         | city    | category | stars | hours                | review_count | address            | postal_code | is_open |\
+--------------+---------+----------+-------+----------------------+--------------+--------------------+-------------+---------+\
| Halo Brewery | Toronto | Food     |   4.0 | Saturday|11:00-21:00 |           15 | 247 Wallace Avenue | M6H 1V5     |       1 |\
+--------------+---------+----------+-------+----------------------+--------------+--------------------+-------------+---------+
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
3. For this last part of your analysis, you are going to choose the type of analysis you want to conduct on the Yelp dataset and are going to prepare the data for analysis.\
\
Ideas for analysis include: Parsing out keywords and business attributes for sentiment analysis, clustering businesses to find commonalities or anomalies between them, predicting the overall star rating for a business, predicting the number of fans a user will have, and so on. These are just a few examples to get you started, so feel free to be creative and come up with your own problem you want to solve. Provide answers, in-line, to all of the following:\
	\
i. Indicate the type of analysis you chose to do:\
  \'97-Clustering business to find commonalities\
         \
ii. Write 1-2 brief paragraphs on the type of data you will need for your analysis and why you chose that data:\
  \'97-To find commonalities within my data set I will need to compare many attributes and keywords to businesses in the same city and category. I will also user a series of inner joins to help me organize the data. After that I will do an analysis and think about what is/should be included, reviews, stars, city, hours, etc. From what I can see, those who are in more crowded neighborhoods seem to have lower stars which we can infer is due to things like parking, i.e. Downtown and the Entertainment District.                   \
                  \
iii. Output of your finished dataset:\
 
\f2\fs21 \cf10 \cb11 +------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+---------------+\
| name             | review_count | stars | hours                 | city    | state | neighborhood  |\
+------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+---------------+\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Monday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke     |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Tuesday|11:00-23:00   | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke     |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Friday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke     |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Wednesday|11:00-23:00 | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke     |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Thursday|11:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke     |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Sunday|14:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke     |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Saturday|11:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Monday|16:00-2:00     | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Tuesday|18:00-2:00    | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Friday|18:00-2:00     | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Wednesday|18:00-2:00  | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Thursday|18:00-2:00   | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Sunday|16:00-2:00     | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Saturday|16:00-2:00   | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Sunday|12:00-16:00    | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Friday|18:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Wednesday|18:00-23:00 | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Thursday|18:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Saturday|18:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Monday|10:30-21:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Tuesday|10:30-21:00   | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Friday|10:30-21:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Wednesday|10:30-21:00 | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Thursday|10:30-21:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Sunday|11:00-19:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
+------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+---------------+\
(Output limit exceeded, 25 of 40 total rows shown)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs21 \cf10 \cb11 +------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+---------------+\
| name             | review_count | stars | hours                 | city    | state | neighborhood  |\
+------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+---------------+\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Monday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Tuesday|11:00-23:00   | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Friday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Wednesday|11:00-23:00 | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Thursday|11:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Sunday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Saturday|11:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Monday|10:30-21:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Tuesday|10:30-21:00   | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Friday|10:30-21:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Wednesday|10:30-21:00 | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Thursday|10:30-21:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Sunday|11:00-19:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Saturday|10:30-21:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Monday|16:00-2:00     | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Tuesday|18:00-2:00    | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Friday|18:00-2:00     | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Wednesday|18:00-2:00  | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Thursday|18:00-2:00   | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Sunday|16:00-2:00     | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Cabin Fever      |           26 |   4.5 | Saturday|16:00-2:00   | Toronto | ON    | High Park     |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Sunday|12:00-16:00    | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Friday|18:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Wednesday|18:00-23:00 | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
| Edulis           |           89 |   4.0 | Thursday|18:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Niagara       |\
+------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+---------------+\
\
+------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+------------------------+\
| name             | review_count | stars | hours                 | city    | state | neighborhood           |\
+------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+------------------------+\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Monday|10:30-21:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Tuesday|10:30-21:00   | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Friday|10:30-21:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Wednesday|10:30-21:00 | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Thursday|10:30-21:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Sunday|11:00-19:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| Big Smoke Burger |           47 |   3.0 | Saturday|10:30-21:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Monday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Tuesday|11:00-23:00   | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Friday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Wednesday|11:00-23:00 | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Thursday|11:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Sunday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| 99 Cent Sushi    |            5 |   2.0 | Saturday|11:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Downtown Core          |\
| Pizzaiolo        |           34 |   3.0 | Monday|9:00-23:00     | Toronto | ON    | Entertainment District |\
| Pizzaiolo        |           34 |   3.0 | Tuesday|9:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Entertainment District |\
| Pizzaiolo        |           34 |   3.0 | Friday|9:00-4:00      | Toronto | ON    | Entertainment District |\
| Pizzaiolo        |           34 |   3.0 | Wednesday|9:00-23:00  | Toronto | ON    | Entertainment District |\
| Pizzaiolo        |           34 |   3.0 | Thursday|9:00-23:00   | Toronto | ON    | Entertainment District |\
| Pizzaiolo        |           34 |   3.0 | Sunday|10:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Entertainment District |\
| Pizzaiolo        |           34 |   3.0 | Saturday|10:00-4:00   | Toronto | ON    | Entertainment District |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Monday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke              |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Tuesday|11:00-23:00   | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke              |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Friday|11:00-23:00    | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke              |\
| Sushi Osaka      |            8 |   4.5 | Wednesday|11:00-23:00 | Toronto | ON    | Etobicoke              |\
+------------------+--------------+-------+-----------------------+---------+-------+------------------------+
\f3 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs30 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 Also, you may refer to the following entity relationship (ER) diagram:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0         \
         \
iv. Provide the SQL code you used to create your final dataset:\
\'97-started here:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  \cf12 *\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  (category \cf7 as\cf0  c \cf12 inner join\cf0  business \cf7 as\cf0  b \cf7 on\cf0  b.id \cf12 =\cf0  \cb1 \
\cb8 c.business_id) \cf12 inner join\cf0  \cf7 hours\cf0  \cf7 as\cf0  h \cf7 on\cf0  h.business_id \cf12 =\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.id \cf12 inner join\cf0  review \cf7 as\cf0  r \cf7 on\cf0  b.stars \cf12 =\cf0  r.stars\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  b.city \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Toronto'\
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'97-then chose my category\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  b.\cf7 name\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.stars,\cb1 \
\cb8 h.\cf7 hours\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.city,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.\cf7 state\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.neighborhood\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from\cf0  (category \cf7 as\cf0  c \cf12 inner join\cf0  business \cf7 as\cf0  b \cf7 on\cf0  b.id \cf12 =\cf0  \cb1 \
\cb8 c.business_id) \cf12 inner join\cf0  \cf7 hours\cf0  \cf7 as\cf0  h \cf7 on\cf0  h.business_id \cf12 =\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.id\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  b.city \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Toronto'\cf0  \cf12 and\cf0  c.category \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Restaurants'\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  b.stars \cf7 desc\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb15 \'97-and to see more restaurants\cf7 \cb8 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  b.\cf7 name\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.stars,\cb1 \
\cb8 h.\cf7 hours\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.city,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.\cf7 state\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.neighborhood\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from \cf0 (category \cf7 as\cf0  c \cf12 inner join\cf0  business \cf7 as\cf0  b \cf7 on\cf0  b.id \cf12 =\cf0  \cb1 \
\cb8 c.business_id) \cf12 inner join \cf7 hours\cf0  \cf7 as\cf0  h \cf7 on\cf0  h.business_id \cf12 =\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.id\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  b.city \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Toronto'\cf0  \cf12 and\cf0  c.category \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Restaurants'\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  b.\cf7 name\cf0  \cf7 asc\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf10 \'97-now for neighborhoods
\f2\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf7 \cb8 select\cf0  b.\cf7 name\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.review_count,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.stars,\cb1 \
\cb8 h.\cf7 hours\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.city,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.\cf7 state\cf0 ,\cb1 \
\cb8 b.neighborhood\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 from \cf0 (category \cf7 as\cf0  c \cf12 inner join\cf0  business \cf7 as\cf0  b \cf7 on\cf0  b.id \cf12 =\cf0  \cb1 \
\cb8 c.business_id) \cf12 inner join\cf0  \cf7 hours\cf0  \cf7 as\cf0  h \cf7 on\cf0  h.business_id \cf12 =\cf0 \cb1 \
\cb8 b.id\cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 where\cf0  b.city \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Toronto'\cf0  \cf12 and\cf0  c.category \cf12 =\cf0  \cf13 'Restaurants'\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb8 order\cf0  \cf7 by\cf0  b.neighborhood \cf7 asc\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf10 \cb11 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
}